the biggest failure that I've ever had would probably be being kicked
out of flight school as an answer. It definitely made me feel the lowest
of the low. I felt like a total loser, and that life was pretty
much coming to an end. I felt like I left my family that I let my family
down, my friends down my community down. But most of all, I let
myself down. But that was a learning lesson and it helped me to build
a strong relationship with God. You know, because once you're in
a situation like that, when you feel like you're losing everything,
you go back to what you know, and that's you know, Hey, I need to talk
to somebody and that somebody was got for me And he definitely taught
me to be a more positive person to always look at the bright side
to always look at the positive things in life and in people. And
it also prompted me to become ah, surface warfare officer, and I felt
like that was like the biggest and best thing for me, you know, possible
being a swot is amazing. The leadership opportunities that I
get day in and day out from appear standpoint from ah, subordinate
standpoint and even as a division officer and you know, someday soon
the department here, the leadership opportunities among diverse and
you know, different backgrounds that you're able to interact with every
day. It's just endless, and you know, it just your toolbox just
constantly feels up with tools and Maur things to learn and more things
to do, and it's amazing.